blog post for sparklyr.flint 0.2 (#118)
rstudio/ai-blog: _posts/2020-10-12-sparklyr-flint-0.2.0-released/sparklyr-flint-0.2.0.Rmd

---

> title: "sparklyr.flint 0.2: ASOF Joins, OLS Regression, and Additional Summarizers"

Reviewer: Seems like in general, we (I ;-)) have introduced some tradition of not capitalizing titles as a whole ... to me personally this one would look better "without", but up to you...

Author: OK. Will fix it replacing "Additional Summarizers" with "additional summarizers"

description: |
  We are excited to announce a number of powerful, new functionalities and improvements which are now part of sparklyr.flint 0.2!
author:
  - name: Yitao Li
    url: https://github.com/yitao-li
    affiliation: RStudio
    affiliation_url: https://www.rstudio.com
slug: sparklyr.flint-0.2.0
date: 10-12-2020
categories:
  - R
  - Packages/Releases
  - Time Series
output:
  distill::distill_article:
    self_contained: false
preview: images/sparklyr-flint-0.2.jpg
---

```{r setup, include=FALSE}
knitr::opts_chunk$set(echo = FALSE)
```

> Since [`sparklyr.flint`](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sparklyr.flint/index.html), a [`sparklyr`](https://sparklyr.ai) extension for leveraging [Flint](https://github.com/twosigma/flint) time series functionalities through `sparklyr`, was [introduced](https://blogs.rstudio.com/ai/posts/2020-09-07-sparklyr-flint) in September, we have made a number of enhancements to it, and have successfully submitted `sparklyr.flint` 0.2 to CRAN recently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since [`sparklyr.flint`](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sparklyr.flint/index.html), a [`sparklyr`](https://sparklyr.ai) extension for leveraging [Flint](https://github.com/twosigma/flint) time series functionalities through `sparklyr`, was [introduced](https://blogs.rstudio.com/ai/posts/2020-09-07-sparklyr-flint) in September, we have made a number of enhancements to it, and have successfully submitted `sparklyr.flint` 0.2 to CRAN.
```

> After [`sparklyr.flint`](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sparklyr.flint/index.html), a [`sparklyr`](https://sparklyr.ai) extension for leveraging [`Flint`](https://github.com/twosigma/flint) time series functionalities through `sparklyr`, has been [introduced](https://blogs.rstudio.com/ai/posts/2020-09-07-sparklyr-flint) in September, we have made a number of enhancements to it, and have successfully submitted `sparklyr.flint` 0.2 to CRAN recently.

Reviewer 2: Is Flint (capital F) an R package? If not, I wouldn't backtick it.

> After [`sparklyr.flint`](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sparklyr.flint/index.html), a [`sparklyr`](https://sparklyr.ai) extension for leveraging [`Flint`](https://github.com/twosigma/flint) time series functionalities through `sparklyr`, has been [introduced](https://blogs.rstudio.com/ai/posts/2020-09-07-sparklyr-flint) in September, we have made a number of enhancements to it, and have successfully submitted `sparklyr.flint` 0.2 to CRAN recently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since [`sparklyr.flint`](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sparklyr.flint/index.html), a [`sparklyr`](https://sparklyr.ai) extension for leveraging [`Flint`](https://github.com/twosigma/flint) time series functionalities through `sparklyr`, was [introduced](https://blogs.rstudio.com/ai/posts/2020-09-07-sparklyr-flint) in September, we have made a number of enhancements to it, and have successfully submitted `sparklyr.flint` 0.2 to CRAN recently.
```

> In this blog post, we shall highlight the following new features and improvements from `sparklyr.flint` 0.2:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this blog post, we highlight the following new features and improvements from `sparklyr.flint` 0.2:
```

 * [ASOF Joins](#asof-joins) of Timeseries RDDs
 * [OLS Regression](#ols-regression)
 * [Additional Summarizers](#additional-summarizers)
 * [Better Integration With `sparklyr`](#better-integration-with-sparklyr)

## ASOF Joins

> For those unfamiliar with the term, ASOF joins are temporal join operations based on inexact matching of timestamps. Within the context of [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org), a join operation, loosely speaking, matches records from two data frames (let's call them `left` and `right`) based on some criteria. A temporal join implies matching records in `left` and `right` based on timestamps, and with inexact matching of timestamps permitted, it is typically useful to join `left` and `right` along one of the following temporal directions:

Reviewer: interesting ... to me, `ASOF` sounds more like you have timestamps with differing semantics, as in data warehouses (actual time vs valid time, I think, this might have been) ... but what you describe sounds different ...

Still wondering if there might be a term that fits better than "inexact matching" ... it's more like some "boundary-based" matching, isn't it (if that term existed)?  Is there a math term that would fit this behavior...? ;-)

> For those unfamiliar with the term, ASOF joins are simply temporal join operations based on inexact matching of timestamps. Within the context of [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org), a join operation, loosely speaking, matches records from two dataframes (let's call them `left` and `right`) based on some criteria. A temporal join implies matching records in `left` and `right` based on timestamps, and with inexact matching of timestamps permitted, it is typically useful to join `left` and `right` along one of the following temporal directions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For those unfamiliar with the term, ASOF joins are temporal join operations based on inexact matching of timestamps. Within the context of [Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org), a join operation, loosely speaking, matches records from two data frames (let's call them `left` and `right`) based on some criteria. A temporal join implies matching records in `left` and `right` based on timestamps, and with inexact matching of timestamps permitted, it is typically useful to join `left` and `right` along one of the following temporal directions:
```

>  1. Looking behind: if a record from `left` has timestamp `t`, then it gets matched with ones from `right` having the most recent timestamp less than or equal to `t`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 1. Looking behind: if a record from `left` has timestamp `t`, then it gets matched with ones from `right` having the most recent timestamp less than or equal to `t`.
```

>  2. Looking ahead: if a record from `left` has timestamp `t` then it gets matched with ones from `right` having the smallest timestamp greater than or equal to (or alternatively, strictly greater than) `t`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 2. Looking ahead: if a record from `left` has timestamp `t,` then it gets matched with ones from `right` having the smallest timestamp greater than or equal to (or alternatively, strictly greater than) `t`.
```

> Of course, oftentimes it is not useful to consider two timestamps as "matching" if they are too far apart, therefore an additional constraint on the maximum amount of time to look behind or look ahead is usually also part of a ASOF join operation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, oftentimes it is not useful to consider two timestamps as "matching" if they are too far apart. Therefore, an additional constraint on the maximum amount of time to look behind or look ahead is usually also part of an ASOF join operation.
```

Reviewer 2: As a general rule you use "an" instead of "a" with initialisms/acronyms. 🙂

> In `sparklyr.flint` 0.2, all ASOF join functionalities of Flint are accessible via the `asof_join()` method. For example, given 2 timeseries RDDs `left` and `right`:

Reviewer 2: Here you don't have Flint in backticks, so, either way, just make it consistent.

```
library(sparklyr)
library(sparklyr.flint)

sc <- spark_connect(master = "local")
left <- copy_to(sc, tibble::tibble(t = seq(10), u = seq(10))) %>%
  from_sdf(is_sorted = TRUE, time_unit = "SECONDS", time_column = "t")
right <- copy_to(sc, tibble::tibble(t = seq(10) + 1, v = seq(10) + 1L)) %>%
  from_sdf(is_sorted = TRUE, time_unit = "SECONDS", time_column = "t")
```

> the following prints the result of match each record from `left` with the most recent record(s) from `right` that are at most 1 second behind

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following prints the result of matching each record from `left` with the most recent record(s) from `right` that are, at most, 1 second behind.
```

```
print(asof_join(left, right, tol = "1s", direction = ">=") %>% to_sdf())

## # Source: spark<?> [?? x 3]
##    time                    u     v
##    <dttm>              <int> <int>
##  1 1970-01-01 00:00:01     1    NA
##  2 1970-01-01 00:00:02     2     2
##  3 1970-01-01 00:00:03     3     3
##  4 1970-01-01 00:00:04     4     4
##  5 1970-01-01 00:00:05     5     5
##  6 1970-01-01 00:00:06     6     6
##  7 1970-01-01 00:00:07     7     7
##  8 1970-01-01 00:00:08     8     8
##  9 1970-01-01 00:00:09     9     9
## 10 1970-01-01 00:00:10    10    10
```

> whereas if we change the temporal direction to "<", then each record from `left` will be matched with any record(s) from `right` that is strictly in the future and is at most 1 second ahead of the current record from `left`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Whereas if we change the temporal direction to "<", then each record from `left` will be matched with any record(s) from `right` that is strictly in the future and is at most 1 second ahead of the current record from `left`:
```

```
print(asof_join(left, right, tol = "1s", direction = "<") %>% to_sdf())

## # Source: spark<?> [?? x 3]
##    time                    u     v
##    <dttm>              <int> <int>
##  1 1970-01-01 00:00:01     1     2
##  2 1970-01-01 00:00:02     2     3
##  3 1970-01-01 00:00:03     3     4
##  4 1970-01-01 00:00:04     4     5
##  5 1970-01-01 00:00:05     5     6
##  6 1970-01-01 00:00:06     6     7
##  7 1970-01-01 00:00:07     7     8
##  8 1970-01-01 00:00:08     8     9
##  9 1970-01-01 00:00:09     9    10
## 10 1970-01-01 00:00:10    10    11
```

> Notice regardless of which temporal direction is selected, all timestamps and `u` values from `left` will always be present in the output, and the `v` column in the output contains `NA` whenever there is no record from `right` that meets the matching criteria.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notice that, regardless of which temporal direction is selected, all timestamps and `u` values from `left` will always be present in the output, and the `v` column in the output contains `NA` whenever there is no record from `right` that meets the matching criteria.
```

> Notice regardless of which temporal direction is selected, an outer-left join is always performed (i.e., all timestamp values and `u` values of `left` from above will always be present in the output, and the `v` column in the output will contain `NA` whenever there is no record from `right` that meets the matching criteria).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that regardless of which temporal direction is selected, an outer-left join is always performed (i.e., all timestamp values and `u` values of `left` from above will always be present in the output, and the `v` column in the output will contain `NA` whenever there is no record from `right` that meets the matching criteria).
```

## OLS Regression

> You might be wondering whether the version of this functionality in Flint is more or less identical to `lm()` in R. Turns out it has much more to offer than `lm()` does. A OLS regression in Flint will compute useful metrics such as [Akaike information criterion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akaike_information_criterion) and [Bayesian information criterion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayesian_information_criterion), both of which are useful more model selection purposes, and the calculations of both are parallelized by Flint to fully utilize computational power available in a Spark cluster. In addition, Flint supports ignoring regressors that are constant or nearly constant, which becomes useful when an intercept term is included. To see why this is the case, we need to briefly examine the goal of the OLS regression, which is to find some column vector of coefficients $\mathbf{\beta}$ that minimizes $\|\mathbf{y} - \mathbf{X} \mathbf{\beta}\|^2$, where $\mathbf{y}$ is the column vector of response variables, and $\mathbf{X}$ is a matrix consisting of columns of regressors plus an entire column of $1$s representing the intercept terms. The solution to this problem is $\mathbf{\beta} = (\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X})^{-1}\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{y}$, assuming the Gram matrix $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ is non-singular. However, if $\mathbf{X}$ contains a column of all $1$s of intercept terms, and another column of formed by a regressor that is constant (or so), then columns of $\mathbf{X}$ will be linearly dependent (or nearly so) and $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ will be singular (or nearly so), which presents an issue computation-wise. However, if a regressor is constant, then it essentially plays the same role as the intercept terms do, so simply excluding such constant regressor in $\mathbf{X}$ solves the problem. Also, speaking of inverting the Gram matrix, readers remembering the concept of "condition number" from numerical analysis must be thinking to themsolves how computing $\mathbf{\beta} = (\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X})^{-1}\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{y}$ could be numerically unstable if $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ has a large condition number. This is why Flint also outputs the condition number of the Gram matrix in the OLS regression result, so that one can sanity-check the underlying quadratic minimization problem being solved is well-conditioned.

Reviewer 2: Another un-backticked Flint.

> You might be wondering whether the version of this functionality in Flint is more or less identical to `lm()` in R. Turns out it has much more to offer than `lm()` does. A OLS regression in Flint will compute useful metrics such as [Akaike information criterion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akaike_information_criterion) and [Bayesian information criterion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayesian_information_criterion), both of which are useful more model selection purposes, and the calculations of both are parallelized by Flint to fully utilize computational power available in a Spark cluster. In addition, Flint supports ignoring regressors that are constant or nearly constant, which becomes useful when an intercept term is included. To see why this is the case, we need to briefly examine the goal of the OLS regression, which is to find some column vector of coefficients $\mathbf{\beta}$ that minimizes $\|\mathbf{y} - \mathbf{X} \mathbf{\beta}\|^2$, where $\mathbf{y}$ is the column vector of response variables, and $\mathbf{X}$ is a matrix consisting of columns of regressors plus an entire column of $1$s representing the intercept terms. The solution to this problem is $\mathbf{\beta} = (\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X})^{-1}\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{y}$, assuming the Gram matrix $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ is non-singular. However, if $\mathbf{X}$ contains a column of all $1$s of intercept terms, and another column of formed by a regressor that is constant (or so), then columns of $\mathbf{X}$ will be linearly dependent (or nearly so) and $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ will be singular (or nearly so), which presents an issue computation-wise. However, if a regressor is constant, then it essentially plays the same role as the intercept terms do, so simply excluding such constant regressor in $\mathbf{X}$ solves the problem. Also, speaking of inverting the Gram matrix, readers remembering the concept of "condition number" from numerical analysis must be thinking to themsolves how computing $\mathbf{\beta} = (\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X})^{-1}\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{y}$ could be numerically unstable if $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ has a large condition number. This is why Flint also outputs the condition number of the Gram matrix in the OLS regression result, so that one can sanity-check the underlying quadratic minimization problem being solved is well-conditioned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You might be wondering whether the version of this functionality in Flint is more or less identical to `lm()` in R. Turns out it has much more to offer than `lm()` does. An OLS regression in Flint will compute useful metrics such as [Akaike information criterion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akaike_information_criterion) and [Bayesian information criterion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayesian_information_criterion), both of which are useful for model selection purposes, and the calculations of both are parallelized by Flint to fully utilize computational power available in a Spark cluster. In addition, Flint supports ignoring regressors that are constant or nearly constant, which becomes useful when an intercept term is included. To see why this is the case, we need to briefly examine the goal of the OLS regression, which is to find some column vector of coefficients $\mathbf{\beta}$ that minimizes $\|\mathbf{y} - \mathbf{X} \mathbf{\beta}\|^2$, where $\mathbf{y}$ is the column vector of response variables, and $\mathbf{X}$ is a matrix consisting of columns of regressors plus an entire column of $1$s representing the intercept terms. The solution to this problem is $\mathbf{\beta} = (\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X})^{-1}\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{y}$, assuming the Gram matrix $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ is non-singular. However, if $\mathbf{X}$ contains a column of all $1$s of intercept terms, and another column of formed by a regressor that is constant (or so), then columns of $\mathbf{X}$ will be linearly dependent (or nearly so) and $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ will be singular (or nearly so), which presents an issue computation-wise. However, if a regressor is constant, then it essentially plays the same role as the intercept terms do. So simply excluding such a constant regressor in $\mathbf{X}$ solves the problem. Also, speaking of inverting the Gram matrix, readers remembering the concept of "condition number" from numerical analysis must be thinking to themselves how computing $\mathbf{\beta} = (\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X})^{-1}\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{y}$ could be numerically unstable if $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ has a large condition number. This is why Flint also outputs the condition number of the Gram matrix in the OLS regression result, so that one can sanity-check the underlying quadratic minimization problem being solved is well-conditioned.
```

Reviewer 2: Yikes, this diff isn't very helpful (I think I added a comma, changed an "a" to "an," and broke up a long sentence.

For future reference, it's helpful to break up the text a little bit more (with new lines) for "review" purposes.

> You might be wondering whether the version of this functionality in Flint is more or less identical to `lm()` in R. Turns out it has much more to offer than `lm()` does. An OLS regression in Flint will compute useful metrics such as [Akaike information criterion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akaike_information_criterion) and [Bayesian information criterion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayesian_information_criterion), both of which are useful for model selection purposes, and the calculations of both are parallelized by Flint to fully utilize computational power available in a Spark cluster. In addition, Flint supports ignoring regressors that are constant or nearly constant, which becomes useful when an intercept term is included. To see why this is the case, we need to briefly examine the goal of the OLS regression, which is to find some column vector of coefficients $\mathbf{\beta}$ that minimizes $\|\mathbf{y} - \mathbf{X} \mathbf{\beta}\|^2$, where $\mathbf{y}$ is the column vector of response variables, and $\mathbf{X}$ is a matrix consisting of columns of regressors plus an entire column of $1$s representing the intercept terms. The solution to this problem is $\mathbf{\beta} = (\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X})^{-1}\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{y}$, assuming the Gram matrix $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ is non-singular. However, if $\mathbf{X}$ contains a column of all $1$s of intercept terms, and another column formed by a regressor that is constant (or nearly so), then columns of $\mathbf{X}$ will be linearly dependent (or nearly so) and $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ will be singular (or nearly so), which presents an issue computation-wise. However, if a regressor is constant, then it essentially plays the same role as the intercept terms do. So simply excluding such a constant regressor in $\mathbf{X}$ solves the problem. Also, speaking of inverting the Gram matrix, readers remembering the concept of "condition number" from numerical analysis must be thinking to themselves how computing $\mathbf{\beta} = (\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X})^{-1}\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{y}$ could be numerically unstable if $\mathbf{X}^\intercal\mathbf{X}$ has a large condition number. This is why Flint also outputs the condition number of the Gram matrix in the OLS regression result, so that one can sanity-check the underlying quadratic minimization problem being solved is well-conditioned.

Reviewer: Personally I'd remove the allusion to `lm`, lest someone thinks the  comparison is unfair :-)

(I mean - `lm` is like R's "hello world" ... at least that's what I called in a talk once ;-)))

If you leave it in, did you try what actually happens if you have a constant predictor in `lm`? (Probably will also just silently remove it?)

Author: `lm` outputs NA as coefficients if the Gram matrix is singular.

Minimal example:

```
df <- data.frame(x = c(1, 1), y = c(1, 2))
lm(formula = y ~ x + 1, data = df)

# outputs NA as coefficient for x
```

vs

```
df <- data.frame(x = c(1, 2), y = c(1, 2))
lm(formula = y ~ x + 1, data = df)

# Gram matrix is not singular so output looks normal
```

> So, to summarize, the OLS regression functionality implemented in Flint not only outputs the solution to the problem, but also calculates useful metrics that helps data scentists assess the sanity and predictive quality of the resulting model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So, to summarize: the OLS regression functionality implemented in Flint not only outputs the solution to the problem, but also calculates useful metrics that help data scientists assess the sanity and predictive quality of the resulting model.
```

Reviewer 2: helps -> help because the noun is "metrics" (plural)

> So, to summarize, the OLS regression functionality implemented in Flint not only outputs the solution to the problem, but also calculates useful metrics that help data scentists assess the sanity and predictive quality of the resulting model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, to summarize, the OLS regression functionality implemented in Flint not only outputs the solution to the problem, but also calculates useful metrics that help data scientists assess the sanity and predictive quality of the resulting model.
```

> To see OLS regression in action in `sparklyr.flint`, one can run the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To see OLS regression in action with `sparklyr.flint`, one can run the following example:
```

Reviewer 2: Not wrong at all, just changing this one because you have "in action" right before it.

```
mtcars_sdf <- copy_to(sc, mtcars, overwrite = TRUE) %>%
  dplyr::mutate(time = 0L)
mtcars_ts <- from_sdf(mtcars_sdf, is_sorted = TRUE, time_unit = "SECONDS")
model <- ols_regression(mtcars_ts, mpg ~ hp + wt) %>% to_sdf()

> print(model %>% dplyr::pull(akaikeIC))

Reviewer 3: post looks great! NIT: Rather than doing various print methods, is there a clean way to convert the model to a data frame to show all the values at once?

You could consider supporting `broom` in a subsequent release to let the users extract the model parameters through a known package.

Reviewer 3: Actually, `model` is already a data frame, right? SO maybe just print `model`? Unless it has a bunch of unnecessary columns, in which case, maybe `dplyr::select()`?

Author: Yes model is something convertible to a Spark dataframe, but it has too many columns.

## [1] 154.6523

print(model %>% dplyr::pull(bayesIC))
## [1] 159.0495

print(model %>% dplyr::pull(cond))
## [1] 345403.4

## # ^ output says condition number of the Gram matrix was within reason

print(model %>% dplyr::pull(beta))

## [[1]]
## [1] -0.03177295 -3.87783074
```

## Additional Summarizers

The EWMA (Exponential Weighted Moving Average), EMA half-life, and the standardized moment summarizers (namely, skewness and kurtosis) along with a few others which were missing in `sparklyr.flint` 0.1 are now fully supported in `sparklyr.flint` 0.2.

## Better Integration With `sparklyr`

> While `sparklyr.flint` 0.1 included a `collect()` method for exporting data from a Flint timeseries RDD to an R dataframe, it did not have a similar method that extracts the underlying Spark dataframe from a Flint timeseries RDD. This was clearly an oversight. In `sparklyr.flint` 0.2, one can call `to_sdf()` on a timeseries RDD to get back a Spark dataframe that is usable in `sparklyr` (e.g., as shown by `model %>% to_sdf() %>% dplyr::pull(...)` examples from above). One can also get to the underlying Spark dataframe JVM object reference by calling `spark_dataframe()` on a Flint timeseries RDD (this is usually unnecessary in vast majority of `sparklyr` use cases though).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While `sparklyr.flint` 0.1 included a `collect()` method for exporting data from a Flint time-series RDD to an R data frame, it did not have a similar method for extracting the underlying Spark data frame from a Flint time-series RDD. This was clearly an oversight. In `sparklyr.flint` 0.2, one can call `to_sdf()` on a timeseries RDD to get back a Spark data frame that is usable in `sparklyr` (e.g., as shown by `model %>% to_sdf() %>% dplyr::pull(...)` examples from above). One can also get to the underlying Spark data frame JVM object reference by calling `spark_dataframe()` on a Flint time-series RDD (this is usually unnecessary in vast majority of `sparklyr` use cases though).
```

Reviewer 2: I'm hyphenating time series because it's modifying RDD (which I assume is a noun).

## Conclusion

> We have presented a number of new features and improvements introduced in `sparklyr.flint` 0.2 and deep-dived into some of them in this blog post. We hope you are as excited about them as we are. Thanks for reading!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have presented a number of new features and improvements introduced in `sparklyr.flint` 0.2 and dug into some of them in this blog post. We hope you are as excited about them as we are. Thanks for reading!
```
